 I t I t I th I th I thi I thi I thin I thin I think I think I think I think I .I think.I think. I think. I think. I think . I think . I think t. I think t. I think th. I think th. I think thi. I think thi. I think this. I think this. I think this. I think this. I think this . I think this . I think this w. I think this w. I think this wi. I think this wi. I think this wil. I think this wil. I think this will. I think this will. I think this will. I think this will. I think this will . I think this will . I think this will b. I think this will b. I think this will be. I think this will be. I think this will be. I think this wi s so part of the overall arching problem is we want a first come up with instructions for each of those sub agents for each of those cells, a common framework of what the output would look like what kind of questions should be asked. What kind of research should be done  uldddnn t.deee  sfdiiattek kow ttth so part of the overall arching problem is we want a first come up with instructions for each of those sub agents for each of those cells, a common framework of what the output would look like what kind of questions should be asked. What kind of research should be done... b b ba ba bas bas base base based based based based based  based  based o based o based on based on based on based on based on  based on  based on A based on A based on Ac based on Ac based on Aca based on Aca based on Acac based on Acac based on Acac based on Acac based on Acad based on Acad based on Acadi based on Acadi based on Acadie based on Acadie based on Acadie based on Acadie based on Acade based on Acade based on academ based on academ based on academi based on academi based on academic based on academic based on academic base based on academic research on sense, so each one of the domains so now that I have kind of a general brain dump about what the goal is less first come up with the structure for the instructions of each one of the sub agents to educate me on sub agents how to get them started and how to give them instructionstio... I think it's a perfect problem for sub agents because each one of them will be working in their own directories, I think the artifact output will take the form of a set of markdown files. I think inappropriate place a nice breaking point when we get started is just to do the key influencers in each of those cells. Then once we have the list, we probably should have all the agents stop review the list of the key influencers make sure we're on track then set all the sub agents loose on the key influencers and then have them consolidate into first principles kind of using that consensus model that we used in the code domaind cau cause I see it might be a possibility that we would just have aspirational for domains and then have sub files or sections of sub files for each of the lifecycle stages and then impracticality if stage equals this and domain equals this these are our aspirational goals and this is another section of the file could be this is what the Notes donet we would just have aspirational for domains and then have sub files or sections of sub files for each of the lifecycle stages and then impracticality if stage equals this and domain equals this these are our aspirational goals and this is another section of the file could be this is what the Notes done then during validate or audit we can run those and do a comparison and kind of have requirements and then also have suggestions for going to the next phase work that we think needs to be done in that phase for that domain to be as high-quality of output to the next chain I think an important piece is to limit downstream defects between stage stagesstages
